Add manual installation docs for @snaplet/seed (#43)
snaplet/docs: pages/getting-started/installation.mdx

# Installation

## For generating seed data

First, you'll need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) installed on your system.

Once you have these, installation should be as simple as running this following in your command line:

```bash >_&nbsp;terminal
# Set up Snaplet with npx
npx snaplet setup
```

> Snaplet will ask you a few questions set up snaplet for your project. Along the way, it try to detect the package manager used for your project and use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snaplet will ask you a few questions to set up snaplet for your project. Along the way, it tries to detect the package manager used for your project and uses this
```

Author: 🤦 how is this my first language

  </Tab>
  <Tab>
  ```bash >_&nbsp;terminal
  # Set up Snaplet as a static binary
  curl -sL https://app.snaplet.dev/get-cli/ | bash
  snaplet setup
  ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

When you run `snaplet setup`, you will be asked a few questions to complete setup, and generate a [`snaplet.config.ts`](/reference/configuration) configuration file for your project.

## Manual setup

### Installing dependencies

> Snaplet requires to following to be present in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snaplet requires the following dependencies to be present in your project:
```

* a `package.json`: to determine where to install snaplet packages to

> * a package manager lockfile to be present for your project - to detect which package manager you are using

Reviewer: Is it something the user should know? It seems like an implementation detail on our end.

Author: Ya, I know what you mean.

Thing is, we skip this step in `snaplet setup` if these conditions aren't met, and send them to these docs. So we need a way to say "here's how you fix those things"
